The invasion of Asia, the destruction of the United Kingdom,
the construction of the New World of the East Asia,
and the Great East Asia War, which is still in the process of being fought,
have brought about a terrible war.
On the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the founding of the Republic of China,
I would like to make a brief statement on the situation in the Chukchi region.
This is a matter of great importance to me.
First of all, the Emperor of the Manchukuo Empire has finally been crowned the Emperor of the Republic of China.
I wish you good health and good fortune.
We used to be less stance-oriented than the core.
If we save the country, we will have the main-70% share of the domestic ties
in the medium term with our country since the founding of the Manchukuo Empire.
since we took a hard path found ourselves at itís lies,
finding ourselves in the midst of increasing national tuna.
We Peter these days to honor that day to the world and the world in-
truly supports our names.
On the other hand, if our Daiman attack army
fights with Japan's military,
will continue to increase the activity of people in our town.